Python Environment Comparison Report
Generated on: 2024-11-18 23:09:10

Virtual Environment Information:
Name: wsl-p3_10-global-gcc9_5_1-bazel5_3_0-cuDNN8_6_CUDA11_8
Path: /mnt/d/ssl-sar-atr/wsl-p3_10-global-gcc9_5_1-bazel5_3_0-cuDNN8_6_CUDA11_8
Status: Active

Python Paths:
Virtual Environment Python: /mnt/d/ssl-sar-atr/wsl-p3_10-global-gcc9_5_1-bazel5_3_0-cuDNN8_6_CUDA11_8/bin/python
Global Python: /usr/bin/python3

1. Python Versions:
Virtual Environment: Python 3.10.15
Global Environment: Python 3.12.3

2. Package Version Comparison:
Package                        Virtual Env     Global          Status              
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------
absl-py                        2.1.0           Not installed   Virtual env only    
anyio                          4.6.2.post1     Not installed   Virtual env only    
appdirs                        Not installed   1.4.4           Global only         
argcomplete                    Not installed   3.1.4           Global only         
argon2-cffi                    23.1.0          Not installed   Virtual env only    
argon2-cffi-bindings           21.2.0          Not installed   Virtual env only    
arrow                          1.3.0           Not installed   Virtual env only    
asttokens                      2.4.1           2.4.1           Same version        
astunparse                     1.6.3           Not installed   Virtual env only    
async-lru                      2.0.4           Not installed   Virtual env only    
attrs                          24.2.0          23.2.0          Version mismatch    
automat                        Not installed   22.10.0         Global only         
babel                          2.16.0          2.10.3          Version mismatch    
bcrypt                         Not installed   3.2.2           Global only         
beautifulsoup4                 4.12.3          4.12.3          Same version        
bleach                         6.2.0           Not installed   Virtual env only    
blinker                        Not installed   1.7.0           Global only         
brotli                         Not installed   1.1.0           Global only         
cachetools                     5.5.0           Not installed   Virtual env only    
certifi                        2024.8.30       2023.11.17      Version mismatch    
cffi                           1.17.1          Not installed   Virtual env only    
chardet                        Not installed   5.2.0           Global only         
charset-normalizer             3.4.0           Not installed   Virtual env only    
click                          Not installed   8.1.6           Global only         
cloud-init                     Not installed   24.3.1          Global only         
colorama                       Not installed   0.4.6           Global only         
comm                           0.2.2           Not installed   Virtual env only    
command-not-found              Not installed   0.3             Global only         
configobj                      Not installed   5.0.8           Global only         
constantly                     Not installed   23.10.4         Global only         
contourpy                      1.2.1           1.0.7           Version mismatch    
cryptography                   Not installed   41.0.7          Global only         
cssselect                      Not installed   1.2.0           Global only         
cycler                         0.12.1          0.11.0          Version mismatch    
dbus-python                    Not installed   1.3.2           Global only         
debugpy                        1.8.7           Not installed   Virtual env only    
decorator                      5.1.1           5.1.1           Same version        
defusedxml                     0.7.1           Not installed   Virtual env only    
distro                         Not installed   1.9.0           Global only         
distro-info                    Not installed   1.7+build1      Global only         
exceptiongroup                 1.2.2           Not installed   Virtual env only    
executing                      2.1.0           2.0.1           Version mismatch    
fastjsonschema                 2.20.0          Not installed   Virtual env only    
filelock                       3.16.1          Not installed   Virtual env only    
flatbuffers                    1.12            Not installed   Virtual env only    
fonttools                      4.54.1          4.46.0          Version mismatch    
fqdn                           1.5.1           Not installed   Virtual env only    
fs                             Not installed   2.4.16          Global only         
fsspec                         2024.10.0       Not installed   Virtual env only    
gast                           0.4.0           Not installed   Virtual env only    
google-auth                    2.35.0          Not installed   Virtual env only    
google-auth-oauthlib           0.4.6           Not installed   Virtual env only    
google-pasta                   0.2.0           Not installed   Virtual env only    
grpcio                         1.67.1          Not installed   Virtual env only    
h11                            0.14.0          Not installed   Virtual env only    
h5py                           3.12.1          Not installed   Virtual env only    
html5lib                       Not installed   1.1             Global only         
httpcore                       1.0.6           Not installed   Virtual env only    
httplib2                       Not installed   0.20.4          Global only         
httpx                          0.27.2          Not installed   Virtual env only    
hyperlink                      Not installed   21.0.0          Global only         
idna                           3.10            3.6             Version mismatch    
imbalanced-learn               0.12.4          Not installed   Virtual env only    
incremental                    Not installed   22.10.0         Global only         
ipykernel                      6.29.5          Not installed   Virtual env only    
ipython                        8.29.0          8.20.0          Version mismatch    
ipywidgets                     8.1.5           Not installed   Virtual env only    
isoduration                    20.11.0         Not installed   Virtual env only    
jax                            0.4.30          Not installed   Virtual env only    
jaxlib                         0.4.30          Not installed   Virtual env only    
jedi                           0.19.1          0.19.1          Same version        
jinja2                         3.1.4           3.1.2           Version mismatch    
joblib                         1.4.2           Not installed   Virtual env only    
json5                          0.9.25          Not installed   Virtual env only    
jsonpatch                      Not installed   1.32            Global only         
jsonpointer                    3.0.0           2.0             Version mismatch    
jsonschema                     4.23.0          4.10.3          Version mismatch    
jsonschema-specifications      2024.10.1       Not installed   Virtual env only    
jupyter-events                 0.10.0          Not installed   Virtual env only    
jupyter-lsp                    2.2.5           Not installed   Virtual env only    
jupyter_client                 8.6.3           Not installed   Virtual env only    
jupyter_core                   5.7.2           5.3.2           Version mismatch    
jupyter_server                 2.14.2          Not installed   Virtual env only    
jupyter_server_terminals       0.5.3           Not installed   Virtual env only    
jupyterlab                     4.2.5           Not installed   Virtual env only    
jupyterlab_pygments            0.3.0           Not installed   Virtual env only    
jupyterlab_server              2.27.3          Not installed   Virtual env only    
jupyterlab_widgets             3.0.13          Not installed   Virtual env only    
keras                          2.9.0           Not installed   Virtual env only    
keras-preprocessing            1.1.2           Not installed   Virtual env only    
kiwisolver                     1.4.7           0.0.0           Version mismatch    
launchpadlib                   Not installed   1.11.0          Global only         
lazr.restfulclient             Not installed   0.14.6          Global only         
lazr.uri                       Not installed   1.0.6           Global only         
libclang                       18.1.1          Not installed   Virtual env only    
lxml                           Not installed   5.2.1           Global only         
lz4                            Not installed   4.0.2+dfsg      Global only         
markdown                       3.7             Not installed   Virtual env only    
markdown-it-py                 Not installed   3.0.0           Global only         
markupsafe                     3.0.2           2.1.5           Version mismatch    
matplotlib                     3.8.4           3.6.3           Version mismatch    
matplotlib-inline              0.1.7           0.1.6           Version mismatch    
mdurl                          Not installed   0.1.2           Global only         
mistune                        3.0.2           Not installed   Virtual env only    
ml_dtypes                      0.5.0           Not installed   Virtual env only    
mpmath                         1.3.0           0.0.0           Version mismatch    
nbclient                       0.10.0          Not installed   Virtual env only    
nbconvert                      7.16.4          Not installed   Virtual env only    
nbformat                       5.10.4          Not installed   Virtual env only    
nest-asyncio                   1.6.0           Not installed   Virtual env only    
netifaces                      Not installed   0.11.0          Global only         
networkx                       3.4.2           Not installed   Virtual env only    
notebook                       7.2.2           Not installed   Virtual env only    
notebook_shim                  0.2.4           Not installed   Virtual env only    
numpy                          1.22.0          1.26.4          Version mismatch    
nvidia-cublas-cu11             11.11.3.6       Not installed   Virtual env only    
nvidia-cublas-cu12             12.4.5.8        Not installed   Virtual env only    
nvidia-cuda-cupti-cu12         12.4.127        Not installed   Virtual env only    
nvidia-cuda-nvrtc-cu12         12.4.127        Not installed   Virtual env only    
nvidia-cuda-runtime-cu12       12.4.127        Not installed   Virtual env only    
nvidia-cudnn-cu11              8.6.0.163       Not installed   Virtual env only    
nvidia-cudnn-cu12              9.1.0.70        Not installed   Virtual env only    
nvidia-cufft-cu12              11.2.1.3        Not installed   Virtual env only    
nvidia-curand-cu12             10.3.5.147      Not installed   Virtual env only    
nvidia-cusolver-cu12           11.6.1.9        Not installed   Virtual env only    
nvidia-cusparse-cu12           12.3.1.170      Not installed   Virtual env only    
nvidia-nccl-cu12               2.21.5          Not installed   Virtual env only    
nvidia-nvjitlink-cu12          12.4.127        Not installed   Virtual env only    
nvidia-nvtx-cu12               12.4.127        Not installed   Virtual env only    
oauthlib                       3.2.2           3.2.2           Same version        
olefile                        Not installed   0.46            Global only         
opencv-python                  4.10.0.84       Not installed   Virtual env only    
opt_einsum                     3.4.0           Not installed   Virtual env only    
overrides                      7.7.0           Not installed   Virtual env only    
packaging                      24.1            24.0            Version mismatch    
pandas                         1.4.0           Not installed   Virtual env only    
pandocfilters                  1.5.1           Not installed   Virtual env only    
parso                          0.8.4           0.8.3           Version mismatch    
pexpect                        4.9.0           4.9.0           Same version        
pillow                         11.0.0          10.2.0          Version mismatch    
pip                            24.3.1          24.0            Version mismatch    
pipx                           Not installed   1.4.3           Global only         
platformdirs                   4.3.6           4.2.0           Version mismatch    
prometheus_client              0.21.0          Not installed   Virtual env only    
prompt-toolkit                 Not installed   3.0.43          Global only         
prompt_toolkit                 3.0.48          Not installed   Virtual env only    
protobuf                       3.19.6          Not installed   Virtual env only    
psutil                         6.1.0           5.9.8           Version mismatch    
ptyprocess                     0.7.0           0.7.0           Same version        
pure-eval                      Not installed   0.0.0           Global only         
pure_eval                      0.2.3           Not installed   Virtual env only    
py-cpuinfo                     9.0.0           Not installed   Virtual env only    
pyasn1                         0.6.1           0.4.8           Version mismatch    
pyasn1-modules                 Not installed   0.2.8           Global only         
pyasn1_modules                 0.4.1           Not installed   Virtual env only    
pycparser                      2.22            Not installed   Virtual env only    
pycurl                         Not installed   7.45.3          Global only         
pygments                       2.18.0          2.17.2          Version mismatch    
pygobject                      Not installed   3.48.2          Global only         
pyhamcrest                     Not installed   2.1.0           Global only         
pyjwt                          Not installed   2.7.0           Global only         
pyopenssl                      Not installed   23.2.0          Global only         
pyparsing                      3.2.0           3.1.1           Version mismatch    
pyrsistent                     Not installed   0.20.0          Global only         
pyserial                       Not installed   3.5             Global only         
python-apt                     Not installed   2.7.7+ubuntu3   Global only         
python-dateutil                2.9.0.post0     2.8.2           Version mismatch    
python-json-logger             2.0.7           Not installed   Virtual env only    
pytz                           2024.2          2024.1          Version mismatch    
pyyaml                         6.0.2           6.0.1           Version mismatch    
pyzmq                          26.2.0          Not installed   Virtual env only    
referencing                    0.35.1          Not installed   Virtual env only    
requests                       2.32.3          2.31.0          Version mismatch    
requests-oauthlib              2.0.0           Not installed   Virtual env only    
rfc3339-validator              0.1.4           Not installed   Virtual env only    
rfc3986-validator              0.1.1           Not installed   Virtual env only    
rich                           Not installed   13.7.1          Global only         
rpds-py                        0.20.1          Not installed   Virtual env only    
rsa                            4.9             Not installed   Virtual env only    
scikit-learn                   1.5.2           Not installed   Virtual env only    
scipy                          1.11.4          1.11.4          Same version        
send2trash                     1.8.3           Not installed   Virtual env only    
service-identity               Not installed   24.1.0          Global only         
setuptools                     75.3.0          68.1.2          Version mismatch    
six                            1.16.0          1.16.0          Same version        
sniffio                        1.3.1           Not installed   Virtual env only    
soupsieve                      2.6             2.5             Version mismatch    
stack-data                     0.6.3           0.6.3           Same version        
sympy                          1.13.1          1.12            Version mismatch    
systemd-python                 Not installed   235             Global only         
tabulate                       0.9.0           Not installed   Virtual env only    
tensorboard                    2.9.1           Not installed   Virtual env only    
tensorboard-data-server        0.6.1           Not installed   Virtual env only    
tensorboard-plugin-wit         1.8.1           Not installed   Virtual env only    
tensorflow                     2.9.1           Not installed   Virtual env only    
tensorflow-estimator           2.9.0           Not installed   Virtual env only    
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem   0.37.1          Not installed   Virtual env only    
termcolor                      2.5.0           Not installed   Virtual env only    
terminado                      0.18.1          Not installed   Virtual env only    
threadpoolctl                  3.5.0           Not installed   Virtual env only    
tinycss2                       1.4.0           Not installed   Virtual env only    
tomli                          2.0.2           Not installed   Virtual env only    
torch                          2.5.1           Not installed   Virtual env only    
tornado                        6.4.1           Not installed   Virtual env only    
tqdm                           4.66.6          Not installed   Virtual env only    
traitlets                      5.14.3          5.5.0           Version mismatch    
triton                         3.1.0           Not installed   Virtual env only    
twisted                        Not installed   24.3.0          Global only         
types-aiofiles                 Not installed   23.2            Global only         
types-aws-xray-sdk             Not installed   2.12            Global only         
types-beautifulsoup4           Not installed   4.12            Global only         
types-bleach                   Not installed   6.1             Global only         
types-boltons                  Not installed   23.0            Global only         
types-boto                     Not installed   2.49            Global only         
types-braintree                Not installed   4.24            Global only         
types-cachetools               Not installed   5.3             Global only         
types-caldav                   Not installed   1.3             Global only         
types-cffi                     Not installed   1.16            Global only         
types-chevron                  Not installed   0.14            Global only         
types-click-default-group      Not installed   1.2             Global only         
types-click-spinner            Not installed   0.1             Global only         
types-colorama                 Not installed   0.4             Global only         
types-commonmark               Not installed   0.9             Global only         
types-console-menu             Not installed   0.8             Global only         
types-croniter                 Not installed   2.0             Global only         
types-dateparser               Not installed   1.1             Global only         
types-decorator                Not installed   5.1             Global only         
types-deprecated               Not installed   1.2             Global only         
types-dockerfile-parse         Not installed   2.0             Global only         
types-docopt                   Not installed   0.6             Global only         
types-docutils                 Not installed   0.20            Global only         
types-editdistance             Not installed   0.6             Global only         
types-entrypoints              Not installed   0.4             Global only         
types-exifread                 Not installed   3.0             Global only         
types-first                    Not installed   2.0             Global only         
types-flake8-2020              Not installed   1.8             Global only         
types-flake8-bugbear           Not installed   23.9.16         Global only         
types-flake8-builtins          Not installed   2.2             Global only         
types-flake8-docstrings        Not installed   1.7             Global only         
types-flake8-plugin-utils      Not installed   1.3             Global only         
types-flake8-rst-docstrings    Not installed   0.3             Global only         
types-flake8-simplify          Not installed   0.21            Global only         
types-flake8-typing-imports    Not installed   1.15            Global only         
types-flask-cors               Not installed   4.0             Global only         
types-flask-migrate            Not installed   4.0             Global only         
types-flask-socketio           Not installed   5.3             Global only         
types-fpdf2                    Not installed   2.7.4           Global only         
types-gdb                      Not installed   12.1            Global only         
types-google-cloud-ndb         Not installed   2.2             Global only         
types-greenlet                 Not installed   3.0             Global only         
types-hdbcli                   Not installed   2.18            Global only         
types-html5lib                 Not installed   1.1             Global only         
types-httplib2                 Not installed   0.22            Global only         
types-humanfriendly            Not installed   10.0            Global only         
types-ibm-db                   Not installed   3.2             Global only         
types-influxdb-client          Not installed   1.38            Global only         
types-inifile                  Not installed   0.4             Global only         
types-jack-client              Not installed   0.5             Global only         
types-jmespath                 Not installed   1.0             Global only         
types-jsonschema               Not installed   4.19            Global only         
types-keyboard                 Not installed   0.13            Global only         
types-ldap3                    Not installed   2.9             Global only         
types-libsass                  Not installed   0.22            Global only         
types-markdown                 Not installed   3.5             Global only         
types-mock                     Not installed   5.1             Global only         
types-mypy-extensions          Not installed   1.0             Global only         
types-mysqlclient              Not installed   2.2             Global only         
types-netaddr                  Not installed   0.9             Global only         
types-oauthlib                 Not installed   3.2             Global only         
types-openpyxl                 Not installed   3.1             Global only         
types-opentracing              Not installed   2.4             Global only         
types-paho-mqtt                Not installed   1.6             Global only         
types-paramiko                 Not installed   3.3             Global only         
types-parsimonious             Not installed   0.10            Global only         
types-passlib                  Not installed   1.7             Global only         
types-passpy                   Not installed   1.0             Global only         
types-peewee                   Not installed   3.17            Global only         
types-pep8-naming              Not installed   0.13            Global only         
types-pexpect                  Not installed   4.8             Global only         
types-pika-ts                  Not installed   1.3             Global only         
types-pillow                   Not installed   10.1            Global only         
types-playsound                Not installed   1.3             Global only         
types-pluggy                   Not installed   1.2.0           Global only         
types-polib                    Not installed   1.2             Global only         
types-portpicker               Not installed   1.6             Global only         
types-protobuf                 Not installed   4.24            Global only         
types-psutil                   Not installed   5.9             Global only         
types-psycopg2                 Not installed   2.9             Global only         
types-pyasn1                   Not installed   0.5             Global only         
types-pyaudio                  Not installed   0.2             Global only         
types-pyautogui                Not installed   0.9             Global only         
types-pycocotools              Not installed   2.0             Global only         
types-pycurl                   Not installed   7.45.2          Global only         
types-pyfarmhash               Not installed   0.3             Global only         
types-pyflakes                 Not installed   3.1             Global only         
types-pygments                 Not installed   2.16            Global only         
types-pyinstaller              Not installed   6.1             Global only         
types-pyjks                    Not installed   20.0            Global only         
types-pymysql                  Not installed   1.1             Global only         
types-pynput                   Not installed   1.7             Global only         
types-pyopenssl                Not installed   23.3            Global only         
types-pyrfc3339                Not installed   1.1             Global only         
types-pyscreeze                Not installed   0.1.29          Global only         
types-pyserial                 Not installed   3.5             Global only         
types-pysftp                   Not installed   0.2             Global only         
types-pytest-lazy-fixture      Not installed   0.6             Global only         
types-python-crontab           Not installed   3.0             Global only         
types-python-datemath          Not installed   1.5             Global only         
types-python-dateutil          2.9.0.20241003  2.8             Version mismatch    
types-python-gflags            Not installed   3.1             Global only         
types-python-jose              Not installed   3.3             Global only         
types-python-nmap              Not installed   0.7             Global only         
types-python-slugify           Not installed   8.0             Global only         
types-python-xlib              Not installed   0.33            Global only         
types-pytz                     Not installed   2023.3.post1    Global only         
types-pywin32                  Not installed   306             Global only         
types-pyxdg                    Not installed   0.28            Global only         
types-pyyaml                   Not installed   6.0             Global only         
types-qrcode                   Not installed   7.4             Global only         
types-redis                    Not installed   4.6.0           Global only         
types-regex                    Not installed   2023.10.3       Global only         
types-requests                 Not installed   2.31            Global only         
types-requests-oauthlib        Not installed   1.3             Global only         
types-retry                    Not installed   0.9             Global only         
types-s2clientprotocol         Not installed   5               Global only         
types-seaborn                  Not installed   0.13            Global only         
types-send2trash               Not installed   1.8             Global only         
types-setuptools               Not installed   68.2            Global only         
types-simplejson               Not installed   3.19            Global only         
types-singledispatch           Not installed   4.1             Global only         
types-six                      Not installed   1.16            Global only         
types-slumber                  Not installed   0.7             Global only         
types-stdlib-list              Not installed   0.8             Global only         
types-stripe                   Not installed   3.5             Global only         
types-tabulate                 Not installed   0.9             Global only         
types-tensorflow               Not installed   2.12            Global only         
types-toml                     Not installed   0.10            Global only         
types-toposort                 Not installed   1.10            Global only         
types-tqdm                     Not installed   4.66            Global only         
types-translationstring        Not installed   1.4             Global only         
types-tree-sitter              Not installed   0.20.1          Global only         
types-tree-sitter-languages    Not installed   1.8             Global only         
types-ttkthemes                Not installed   3.2             Global only         
types-tzlocal                  Not installed   5.1             Global only         
types-ujson                    Not installed   5.8             Global only         
types-untangle                 Not installed   1.2             Global only         
types-usersettings             Not installed   1.1             Global only         
types-uwsgi                    Not installed   2.0             Global only         
types-vobject                  Not installed   0.9             Global only         
types-waitress                 Not installed   2.1             Global only         
types-webob                    Not installed   1.8             Global only         
types-whatthepatch             Not installed   1.0             Global only         
types-workalendar              Not installed   17.0            Global only         
types-wtforms                  Not installed   3.1             Global only         
types-xmltodict                Not installed   0.13            Global only         
types-zstd                     Not installed   1.5             Global only         
types-zxcvbn                   Not installed   4.4             Global only         
typing_extensions              4.12.2          4.10.0          Version mismatch    
tzdata                         2024.2          Not installed   Virtual env only    
ubuntu-pro-client              Not installed   8001            Global only         
ufolib2                        Not installed   0.16.0          Global only         
unattended-upgrades            Not installed   0.1             Global only         
unicodedata2                   Not installed   15.1.0          Global only         
uri-template                   1.3.0           Not installed   Virtual env only    
urllib3                        2.2.3           2.0.7           Version mismatch    
userpath                       Not installed   1.9.1           Global only         
wadllib                        Not installed   1.3.6           Global only         
wcwidth                        0.2.13          0.2.5           Version mismatch    
webcolors                      24.8.0          Not installed   Virtual env only    
webencodings                   0.5.1           0.5.1           Same version        
websocket-client               1.8.0           Not installed   Virtual env only    
werkzeug                       3.1.2           Not installed   Virtual env only    
wheel                          0.44.0          0.42.0          Version mismatch    
widgetsnbextension             4.0.13          Not installed   Virtual env only    
wrapt                          1.14.1          Not installed   Virtual env only    
xgboost                        2.1.2           Not installed   Virtual env only    
zope.interface                 Not installed   6.1             Global only         